Readme.md, before:

# Apokkalyps - My Works
## What is it?
This is my personnal repository. I will upload there the modules that I have created. I hope they will suit someone's desire.

## What can you find here?
### Unfinished works
- {`C++`} __"File" module__: gives some useful tools for files from their filename (file size, opening an UTF-16LE without worrying about it (*Windows only*)...), and tools for making ifstreams manipulation easier. **Not finished yet.**
- {`C++`} __"Date" class__: extends the `struct tm` from the C standard library with milliseconds, and overloads some operators such as comparison, +, -, etc. **Not finished yet.**
- {`C++`} __"CSV-Parser" and "QuickCSVParser" classes__: the 1st class encapsulates an ifstream specifically for parsing CSV files, the other one encapsulates a CSV-Parser and offers a single-command possibility of retrieving an entire file. **Not finished yet.**
- {`C++`} __"GCoord" struct__: a simple class having two attributes: *latitude* and *longitude* and some associated functionnalities. **Not finished yet.**

Commit message:

Minor changes + say that GCoord makes calculus

Readme.md, after:

# Apokkalyps - My Works
## What is it?
This is my personnal repository. I will upload there the modules that I have created. I hope they will suit someone's desire.

## What can you find here?
### Unfinished works
- {`C++`} __"File" module__: gives some useful tools for files from their filename (file size, opening an UTF-16LE without worrying about it, ...), and tools for making ifstreams manipulation easier. *Some functionnalities work only for Windows users.* **Not finished yet.**
- {`C++`} __"Date" class__: extends the `struct tm` from the C standard library with milliseconds, and overloads some operators such as comparison, +, -, etc. **Not finished yet.**
- {`C++`} __"CSV-Parser" and "QuickCSVParser" classes__: the 1st class encapsulates an ifstream specifically for parsing CSV files, the other one encapsulates a CSV-Parser and offers a single-command possibility of retrieving an entire file. **Not finished yet.**
- {`C++`} __"GCoord" struct__: a simple class having two attributes: *latitude* and *longitude* and some associated functionnalities such as calculus. **Not finished yet.**
